org.freedesktop.Tracker.Miner.Files index-recursive-directories
org.freedesktop.Tracker.Miner.Files index-single-directories
org.gnome.desktop.app-folders folder-children
org.gnome.desktop.datetime automatic-timezone
org.gnome.desktop.input-sources sources
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-show-date
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-im-module
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme
org.gnome.desktop.interface icon-theme
org.gnome.desktop.notifications application-children
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad tap-to-click
org.gnome.desktop.search-providers enabled
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences auto-raise
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences button-layout
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences num-workspaces
org.gnome.settings-daemon.peripherals.keyboard numlock-state
org.gnome.settings-daemon.plugins.power sleep-inactive-ac-timeout
org.gnome.settings-daemon.plugins.power sleep-inactive-ac-type
org.gnome.settings-daemon.plugins.power sleep-inactive-battery-timeout
org.gnome.shell enabled-extensions
org.gnome.shell.overrides dynamic-workspaces
org.gnome.system.location enabled
